Henault president intervened
and hello to all and the blond of his
sisters and today we find ourselves
for a special video
since I'm going to present you a
application to speed up his
smartphone and above all remove all
unnecessary files lying around in the
phone so this application this is
a master so we could see symbol
two balls and a little bit to clean
we do like that we love
the problem is that with this
application is Canetois the map
memory or finally the nestois is the 4
memory be there when the phone is not going
both at the same time
So I show them some principle
so there's the task manager
it's going to be all the applications we
installs and that's it in backup
it's going to be all the applications that
backing up pretty heavy things if
we want to remove them we can
and finally we also optimized optimized
memory so that's the RAM
you can close all
applications they where unnecessary
to win here even when it's
propose directly that is to say that
follow the applications csc which he
do not have to turn off and all
is true that those that are important
if finally to the point of posing room must
turn off that if they will not be very
important of what so there I am told that
it's going to be 77 and word so here if I'm
no toyer hop here I have the most ram
so we also talked about useless files
on so file used the recommended
that is, everything they give us
all the residual file caches and all
and deepen his more little ones
files that we would not have
missed in the first the first bet
up to date during the first in the
first cleaning
so how's it going so
recommended we will go in cash their
cash and all all all everything and
what about all the applications that
keep stuff in memory for
power to be able to serve them
prices have for example dropped flipboard and
MyTF1
so here I 'm going to get cleaned but
I also expect this thing going
emina what is folders that are
created alone with surely
applications I'm going I'm going
to install and who are no longer
useful so here I have to clean and the
sabam clean 550 550 and month by little
close so there after we have to wait
I love will not be too long a
asked that's done then the greenhouse we
but that and after in a deep to say
we can go and see what has
of rest we can have deleted and
it's not going to offer us any more stuff
like as about the pictures so
the videos the images
so as you want to see thumbnail of
gary in fact and all the pictures of the
station and that will be saved for
when you turn it on the images
appear directly there no
salary reload that no interest so
you do it we do it for the tick we do
ok we do re clean and it will
delete all that and then we
will save winning memory
so here's a 10 522 and 26 his words
was released completed so we can go
in their privacy
confidentiality
it's going to be all the little apps
of account that will save words
password or what and in this case you
can delete them have for example
here you can delete
pardon so you want to delete is
innate month for a girl to avoid that
when your phone can go
on the county and all used so
I do not do it because it's worth
not really the antenna for me and that's it
after flavors interest for you so there
we have both the storage that it
be internal
where external storage forgiveness was here
who how to say gift box these
kinds of scorff cups
the application of how to say facts
advertising for other applications
here we go here all that is all
parameters so footage day will put
never the application the notte 2
delighted doing a quick cleaning phone
for example there you see that it detects
exactly 182nd to donations that will only
my phone
so here I get cleaned up and there it goes
any job here and I'm still going
gained from memory
so we also have the parameters so the
parameters this is for example reminiscent of the
single file he knows when you
download an application you have to
uninstall and we will leave
files or folders on phone
and he will send you a notification
here in the taskbar for
tell you that this one has left a
folder and they no longer delete it
so we could be that it's all that
the three days
it puts a size over 300 and me
after that we can change it I did
more than 50 dead
finished so there's a task killer that's
the same but when the memory is too
full when the RAM is too much
full
that will put you a notification for
you say it the files would reign
it's all the files that did not take it
in account but we can still
deleted and after that is all that
is general the French language or
already send a robbery
so that's about all for
this application
I found her rather nice she can to
access their phone if they rome or
what too to be to both files
sometimes it can allow you to
save space
so here I wanted to introduce it to you
so now I invite you to you
subscribe to my channel have watched my
other videos in any case thank you
have watched
do not hesitate to go but if if you
loved it he commented if you have
questions or anything else
and we end up in a next
jean millions video
who